Umbraco Cloud release notes for 2024 January (#5803)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/release-notes/2024-01-releasenotes.md

# January 2024

## Key Takeaways

* **Self-Service Cipher Suite Management**  - Effortlessly manage and disable cipher suites on the Security page for tailored, efficient control.

## Self-Service Cipher Suite Management 

> In our ongoing effort to enhance your experience with Umbraco Cloud, we've introduced a new feature that puts the power of cipher suite management right at your fingertips. Now available as a self-service option in the Cloud Portal's “Security Page”, this update enables you to enable or disable cipher suites directly through a user-friendly "Ciphers" dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our ongoing effort to enhance your experience with Umbraco Cloud, we've introduced a new feature that puts the power of cipher suite management at your fingertips. Now available as a self-service option in the Cloud Portal's “Security Page”, this update lets you enable or disable cipher suites directly through a user-friendly "Ciphers" dropdown menu.
```
